
The lights suddenly short out and everything goes dark. 

"Gosh darn it, I hate when this happens. " says Dr. Anvik. "Hey could you go down to the basement for me and flip the breaker in the furnace room? It's the first room on your left. " 

The lights power back on.  

The sound of electricity surges upstairs, and anguished screams cry out. You hear a female voice say "NOT AGAIN! " about two rooms to your left. 

You try the handle, but the door is locked. 

A voice says "Nice try Kivna, but the real Anvik would know where the switch is. " It sounds exactly like your CPSC 2720 Lab teacher Nicole. "It's me! " you reply. "You're still alive? Wow." Nicole says. "Well you could be Kivna, but I'll give you the benefit of the doubt. You have to pull the book that corresponds to the door switch. I won't tell you where it is exactly, but just know if you aren't careful, Kivna will turn it into the dying room. " 

Upon further inspection of the bookshelves, one book sticks out among the rest, "Software Engineering" by Ian Sommerville. 

You pull the book, and you hear a grinding sound downstairs. Upstairs, the booming steps of a cyborg seem to make their way to the stairs. 

Nicole has sent you to gather 4 missing ducks, and the noise created from searching may send Kivna after you. 

If a duck is on the top or bottom floors you can use the dumbwaiters to escape Kivna. However, on the middle floor you must make sure Kivna is far enough away for you to get to the stairs before he does. It appears that Kivna will not chase you if you are two floors away. 

You have gathered all of the ducks. 

A soft aura radiates from them, providing mental clarity. If you bring them to Nicole she might be able to remember the password. 

"After you enter the password, you will have to debug the AI's program" Nicole says. 

"Once you start, you cannot go back. You have to debug it as perfect as possible, there is very little room for error. " 

Kivna enters your room. You get a glimpse of the horrific cyborg barrelling toward you before everything goes black. 

Dazed and confused, you are woken by soft quacking. You faintly make out Nicole's voice between the ringing in your ears. "Oh my, you're alive! You should be glad you had the ducks on you, because I guess he was more interested in them than unaliving you. " 

Nicole has sent you to gather 4 ingredients needed to make a nuclear bomb. 

The ingredients should be in similar spots to the ducks. 

You have found all of the parts. 

You should return to Nicole before the radiation damage does a number on you. 

Nicole has constructed the bomb and added it to your inventory.

You grab a match from Nicole's desk. You must go into the furnace room and light the bomb fuse.

You light the fuse.

On the top floor, you hear the thunderous steps of Kivna. RUN!!!
